Support the clinical studies including Abemaciclib(JPBR phase I and JPBQ phase III), HHBH, and Deliver portfolio milestones with speed & quality (TSLR, DSUR, SDTM programming, SPEC revising, issue discussion)
Take the leading SA role supporting the health outcome research for straterra scales validation in Chinese population. 
 1 Abstract
 1 poster
 3 manuscripts under preparation
Take the leading SA role supporting Forsteo patient supportive program data for forsteo compliance. Awarding “2017 Excellence Award” 
Take the leading SA role in the LCRDC data analysis to support early-phase data exploration. And received cross-functional recognition. 
 Implement open source technology (like Python, Markdown) to drive innovation and improve work efficiency, such as CLUWE SAS Program Modification Tool helps SA working environment migration. Avoid tedious work and save working time. 


3 years experience in the pharmaceutical industry as both statistical analyst and statistical programmer.
Indepth knowledge of Oncology clinic trial, CDISC SDTM and ADaM standards.
Expertise in SAS Programming, including SAS Macro Development, SAS/BASE, SAS/STAT, SAS/ODS, SAS/GRAPH under UNIX/Windows environment.Particularly interested in computer science and data science, especially data mining, data analysis, machine learning, and programming languages such as Python, R, SAS.

Work as Stat Analyst on multiple phase I/II/III Oncology trials.
• Routine work includes statistical review and quality control of study concept documents; review
statistical sections during protocol development; write/peer review
SAP; participate in CRF design and
review ; participate SDTM specification review and AdaM development; write TFL requirement including
TFL shells; review and approve TFLs. Provide statistical support for TLSR, DSUR and IB, CSR,DMC,
CTR etc.
• Perform statistical quality assurance review and program validation for submission Studies and
regulatory response.
• Meet with vendor throughout trial to discuss progress of clinical studies and ensure quality of
deliverables.
• Communicate internally and externally on resource allocation, timeline negotiation, client
expectation/feasibility evaluation, issue solving and share learning.

Indepth
knowledge of Oncology clinic trial, CDISC SDTM and ADaM standards; and statistics Ability
to perform safety and efficiency analysis to help making decision.
• Extensively experienced in statistical modeling, programming, data manipulation and providing
statistical consulting for research investigators
• Advanced knowledge in applied statistics: ANOVA, linear/logistic/time series regression, experimental
design, clinical trials, survival analysis, etc.
• Highly motivated, reliable, adaptable and detailoriented
individual with excellent time management,
multiple tasking, and organizational skills; great team player with exceptional teamwork, collaboration,
verbal and written communication skills