1+ years SAS experience as a SAS programmer on analysis, design, development, testing and implementation of Clinical Trial projects in Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Industry.
Participate in project lifecycle in conformance with the Systems Development Life Cycle (SDLC):requirements gathering, programming, testing and troubleshooting, quality assurance, and creation of final deliverables.
Good experience in providing macro development, graph generation and programming guidance to support colleagues.
Extensive knowledge in SAS products including SAS/BASE, SAS/MACRO, SAS/STAT, SAS/ODS, SAS/GRAPH under UNIX/Windows environment.
Experience in TLF programming, Macro Programming to produce RTF and PDF formatted files employing various SAS procedures.
Broad knowledge and strong background of Statistic Analysis Method.
Extensive knowledge of CDSIC standard SDTM IG version3.1.2/3.1.3/3.2, SDTM IG for the specific sponsors.
Strong ability to work on multiple tasks simultaneously in the assurance of deliverable quality and process compliance.
Flexibility to work in irregular hours and work overtime for emergent deliveries to meet tight deadlines.
Excellent problem-solving skills, data analytical skills and advanced mathematical skills with highly organized and self-motivated personality.
Extensive experience in generating Tables, Listings and Figures (TFLs) according to Statistical Analysis Plan(SAP) and Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs).
Excellent knowledge and understanding of Code of Federal Regulations (21 CFR Part 11), ICH, GCP guidelines and CDISC standards.


Conducting front-end SDTM processing, consisting of creating SDTM datasets, preparation of CDISC standard SDTM deliver packages. 
Conducting back-end ADaM processing, including generating AdaM datasets, TLFs (tables, listings and figures) to provide support with high quality deliverables according to the project strategies.
Working closely with Clinical Data Management team and coders to produce PD listing, offline listing, coding information.
Integrating data from different sources such as CRF data, EDC data and electronic laboratory data from different CROs.
Coordinating project start-up activities, including Unix/PMED project area set-up, creation of global programs (e.g., setup.sas, formats.sas, etc.), tracking spreadsheets, and required documentation.
Developing SAS® programs/macros that produced Patient Profiles both in PDF and EXCEL format for DMs, AEs, Con Meds, and others.
Working timely and efficiently in designing and testing program logic and documentation.
Sharing working experience and technical knowledge with new employees to assist their daily work.
Performing statistical reviews and provides feedback on clinical trial documents including CRF, SAP, mockup shell, DVS (data validation spec), PDS (protocol deviation spec), DTA (data transfer agreement), datasets review listing to meet all programming requests.
Sharing working experience and technical knowledge with new employees to assist their daily work.
Extensively created a SAS® SCL program to help check & summarize SAS® programming log issue.
Popularized a modern editor to easy program lifecycle and increase programming efficiency. Time saved almost half hour a day.
Manages scheduling and time constraints across multiple projects, sets goals based on priorities from management, and adapts to timeline or priority changes by reorganizing daily workload.
Assisting project teams in the resolution of problems encountered in the conduct of their daily work, and providing relevant training and mentorship to staff and project teams.
