self introduce:

Hi joyce
My name is Liu Qing. 
I got my bachelor from huazhong university of science and technology in 2015 and now taking part-time graduate program at east China normal university with major in computer science.
I Started my career in pharmarceutical industry as research statistical analyst.
first I worked in PAREXEL, a global agency company, and then Eli Lilly a global top 10 pharmarceutical company. 
I worked in this industry for almost 3 years and involed in many local and global analysis projets, and take leading statistical analyst role in several projects. 
In my time at Eli Lilly & company, I found my love for Data science. and I realize that I will be statistician if I continue my career in pharmarceutical industry
but I am passionate towards pursuing a career in the field of analytics and use data analysis to solve real world problems, thus I decided to join hillcaptial group as a data mining analyst. 
In this company, I maily involved in two data mining projects. 
One is the inteligent supply chain project which based on Inventory Optimization and demand forecasting, and the other is the building of commodity warehouse.
As data science analyst, I have rich experience in data manipulating, statistical analysis, modelling and build data analysis pipeline, I recently interested in time series forecasting. 
My main tool of choice is SAS for my earlier career, but then turned into open source like Python in the late phase.


I am a very focused and highly technical person. 
I extend my technical skills by reading a wide range of SAS documents, SAS published books, Blogs, and Conference papers.
This make me get very extensive skills. 
and I implement this skills to solve complex problems in my daily work and develop macros to improve the efficiency of the whole department.
For instance, I made a macro in TFL programming to auto assign page for safety tables, 
a SAS/SCL program to summary log issue in one step.
I also populate a modern editor which greatly easy our program environment and enhance the efficiency of programming activity.

Your company is a leader in clinical contract organization and has Excellent corporate culture. 
I heard news from my colleagues that your company is expecting to expand business in guangzhou city. 
I want to be a part of this business as it grows, and 
I think this is a company that will allow me to more fully utilize my skills and where I can take on new challenges.



https://cloud.77qingliu.com:8888/tree

Besides, I was aways love guangzhou city.
And I think will get more stable career growth in this city.


I think I am able to make some pretty significant contributions to the overall success of the company.

I am keen to be part of this company as it expands and grows.
 well understand that this is a company on the way up. 
 Your web site says the launch of several new products is imminent. I want be a part of this business as it grows


Now you are ready to open a new site in Guangzhou.
I think it's a great opportunity to grouth.
besides
in addition, I used to live in guangzhou in two summer vacation. and I love this city. 
Expertise in Problem solving and Created Macros to improve the efficiency of report generation and automation of programs and data creation.
I have a proven ability to work well in multiple projects and I can develop good long-term relationships with clients.
That’s why I’m now looking for a company that will allow me to more fully utilize my skills and where I can take on new challenges.
pretty significant contributions to the overall success 
of the company


highly efficient person.
highly technical
Expertise in Problem solving and Created Macros to improve the efficiency of report generation and automation of programs and data creation.


我叫刘青。去年在我拿到华中科技大学医学学士学位之后，我来到了PAREXEL。 
在PAREXEL，我参加了SDTM mapping，data clean listing。maitain两个项目，qc SPEC，QC aCRF. 我是一个非常专注，非常有解决问题能力的人。比如在工作中，我会写一些macro去提升整个项目的工作效率，比如在做table的时候，我就写了一个判断table分页的macro。还有一个检查ｌｏｇ错误的macro。我通过阅读许多ｓａｓ　ｈｅｌｐ文档，ｓａｓ书籍，ｓａｓ博客，ｓａｓ会议论文，提高我的技术水平。而且我觉得这些技术能极大的提高我们的工作效率。比如做ａＣＲＦ的时候，我们就可以通过导出ＰＤＦ的注释，通过ＳＡＳ　ＸＭＬ　ｍａｐｐｅｒ解析ＰＤＦ的注释，然后可以做自动ａＣＲＦ。

I have always enjoyed working with computers, so it was an easy decision to major in computer science at California University with a plan to enter the IT field.  In school, I excelled in my computer-related classes and during my college years, I became particularly interested in software development, especially software that would help consumers.  That’s why I applied for and completed a one-year internship with Lotadoe Industries.  At Lotadoe, I learned how to formulate new ideas for software and how to communicate those ideas effectively to the rest of the development team.    
I am a very focused person and I tend to be product-oriented.  At Lotadoe, I made sure that whatever projects I worked on, I saw to completion.  For instance, I worked with a team that was developing a new version of a piece of popular software called Rototype.  I asked to be part of every step of software development and at the end of the project, I was given the responsibility of getting final technical approval.  I made sure that I followed through with the right departments, keeping my team informed of the progress.  This is the type of work I enjoy and that’s why I applied for a position with your company. 
Your company is a leader in software development and is in the forefront of new ideas in the field.  I think that the products your company has developed in the past several years have been outstanding and are the best on the market.  
I want to work in a company where I can be challenged and where I can make a contribution.  I would very much enjoy working in your company to develop new software and to improve existing ones. 


I have worked successfully in sales for over 10 years.  One of my first sales jobs was in college, where I majored in business.  I worked for the college newspaper selling advertising space, and as an extrovert who likes interacting with people, I was very successful in the job.  What also helped me sell more than any other salesperson was my persistence.  I was willing to follow up with a potential client over weeks and even months, developing a relationship with them until they were ready to make a deal with us.    
I’m currently working as a sales rep for the Michmuney Company.  I have been their top salesperson for the past two years.  Last year, I sold over $3 million worth of products.    
Now, I’m ready for a new challenge.  I want to work in public relations because it is an area where I can use my creativity together with my knowledge of advertising and sales.  
I have a proven ability to work well with people and I can develop good long-term relationships with clients.  I want to work for your company in particular because you work primarily with Internet-based companies, which is an area that is growing at the rate of 40% a year.  This makes your company a leader in the industry and I’d like to be part of that

I’ve been with Lotadoe for over five years and I’ve enjoyed working there.  I learned a lot about software development and how to work effectively with my colleagues.    
About two years ago, I began getting interested in other aspects of design and started learning about new ways that the field is creating and developing new designs.  I completed training that qualifies me to oversee other types of projects than the ones I work on now at Lotadoe.  
That’s why I’m now looking for a company that will allow me to more fully utilize my new skills and where I can take on new challenges.  What I see in this position is also the opportunity for growth and advancement.  I think that my current skills and abilities are a good match with the current needs of this company
The primary reason I left Michmuney Company was because the company went through a restructuring and my position was eliminated.  Up to that point, however, I had a very good track record and received positive employee evaluations each of the three years I worked there.    
Leaving Michmuney actually allowed me to make a career change that I had been thinking about for some time and that is more aligned with my career goals.  Although I’ve worked successfully in sales for the past several years, my education and my interests are more closely related to marketing.  I’d like to find a position that would allow me to use my knowledge and skills to do challenging work. 
This position would also give me more responsibility than I had at my last company and more promotion opportunities.  I think that my skills and abilities are a good match for this job


I always try to keep a positive attitude toward this job. Every day I come to work with enthusiasm.
When working with customers, I clearly communicate with them in order to provide the best customer service possible.
I clearly document my work on assignments and projects so others can easily use my information and findings.
Whenever a co-worker needs a fresh look at a problem, they come to me for a fresh perspective.
I don’t rely on common methods to solve a problem but address each situation with creative solutions. I look at each problem with a fresh perspective.
I use my creativity in any role I am in within the team. I take the day-to-day tasks and challenge the status quo to see where improvements can be made.
There will also be areas of improvement where improvements can be made. My written skills have been excellent, but I want to grow in my verbal communication skills.




(1) Provided statistical and programming support to clinical research team for FDA new drug application filling and decision making. Design, develop and implement programing solutions to uncover causal relationship with medications from efficacy and safety perspective
(2) Managed data and report process, provide oversight to third party organization, collaborate with a multi-disciplinary team consisting of physicians, research scientists and clinical data managers
(3) Queried, processed and mapped structured and un-structured data. Integrated volumes of data from multiple sources and created interactive spotfire page for stakeholders
(4) Effectively justified selected methods, implement outlined statistical analysis plans, applied various statistical methods such as logistic regression, survival analysis, and longitudinal analysis, propensity score matching and missing data imputation
(5) Actively implemented SAS macros, write SQL queries and Python scripts to provide automation of process and enhance efficiency
(６) Offered mentorship to junior level statistical analysts and oversee projects outsourced to third party organizations