Things:

Coursera: Data Science;
Language: Python, Unix shell
Install SAS maintenaince
SAS Enterprise Guide:The Little SAS Book for Enterprise Guide
Job interview: English Pod
issue:such offline-listings issue don't solved for about half year

Why you leave: No team spirit. The company environment, both phsical and psychological. For phsical environment, we even don't have own working desktop and just crowding in a small conference room.

Email Qin Qiang: Hi qin qiang, I'm a alumnus from HUST and now worked as SAS Programmer in a pharmaceutical company. In fact, I'm now seeking a job in another industry. And i find that Ebay is currently hiring Analyst which require skills in SAS and SQL in their Business Management Department. So I'm writing to ask for suggestion for that job or some refer.Hope to receive your email soon. Thank you very much. Would be very appericate for your help. Good candidate

CV:
SAS Certified Advanced Programmer with above 1 year experience using SAS. Excellent SAS skills. 
Proficient in SAS/Base: SAS/SQL, SAS/MACRO, SAS/ODS, SAS/Function, SAS/Format, SAS/Hash Object.
Knowledge of SAS/Access, SAS/DS2, SAS/i

Knowledge of Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Experimental Design, and Statistical Modeling.

Currently working as a SAS programmer in a global CRO. 
Responsibilities include Using SAS in UNIX environment to support the analysis and report of clinical study data.
assiting in peoject set-up in UNIX SAS environment.

Generally provide technical expertise for the conduct of clinical trials, and work with minimal supervision to support various programming activities related to the analysis and report of clinical study data.
My work scope includes, but not limited to, 
•   Using efficient SAS programming techniques to produce and/or QC low-medium complexity derived datasets, tables, figures and data listings.
•   Working closely with data management group for data cleaning according to Data Validation Specification.
•   Maintaining all supporting documentation for studies in accordance with SOPs/Guidelines to ensure traceability and regulatory compliance.
•   Keeping good quality and efficiency for the delivery and helping peer review the final results.


Great at problem solving and learning agility

Engaging powerful tools like SAS Enterprise Guide and SAS Enterprise Miner is like sitting
behind the wheel of a Ferrari. These tools can take you far and fast, but will you end up where you
need to go?

To reach your destination in sound condition, you must know what the goal is, and you must have a
map to direct your progress. You must also know where you are now and what your assets are:
your data, tools, reference materials, and support resources

Balanced Scorecard and Six Sigma

